velocity scale. This is
an advanced edge next
level concept, but this
is something you wanna
be working toward. This
is the tactic of
lesson seven. Target zero
touch engineering. In the
end, you want no
overview, no oversight because
it's been embedded into
your agents, right? Your
agents have gotten so
good and your templates
have gotten so great
that your agents know
how you would do
the work. And you
know, how is this
possible? It's only possible
because you've encoded your
engineering. You've told your
agents, you've instructed your
system, you've trained your
system to know when
things are ready for
production. Right, maybe you
add another step on